CodeQL suppressions (#10524)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/ChangeWaves.md

- [Add ParameterName and PropertyName to TaskParameterEventArgs](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/10130)

### 17.10

> - [AppDomain configuration is serialized without using BinFmt](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/9320) - feature can be opted out only if [BinaryFormatter](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.serialization.formatters.binary.binaryformatter) is allowed at runtime by editing `MSBuild.runtimeconfig.json`. **Please note that any usage of BinaryFormatter is deamed insecure!.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AppDomain configuration is serialized without using BinFmt](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/9320) - feature can be opted out only if [BinaryFormatter](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.serialization.formatters.binary.binaryformatter) is allowed at runtime by editing `MSBuild.runtimeconfig.json`. **Please note that [any usage of BinaryFormatter is insecure](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/serialization/binaryformatter-security-guide).**
```
